Upgrade ckeditor to version 34.2.0 and postcss to version 8 (#6688)
sulu/sulu: UPGRADE.md

## 2.5.0

> ### JS Dependencies update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Updated JavaScript dependencies
```

> Sulu requires now the following new versions JS packages for admin build:

Reviewer: The JavaScript dependencies of the Sulu administration interface were updated to the following versions:

> Sulu requires now the following new versions JS packages for admin build:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JavaScript dependencies of the Sulu administration interface were updated to the following versions:
```

 - `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-dev-utils`: `^30.3.2`
 - `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-theme-lark`: `^34.2.0`
 - `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-*`: `34.2.0`
 - `postcss`: `^8.4.14`
 - `postcss-calc`: `^8.2.4`
 - `postcss-hexrgba`: `^2.0.0`
 - `postcss-import`: `^14.1.0`
 - `postcss-loader`: `^4.0.0`
 - `postcss-nested`: `^5.0.6`
 - `postcss-simple-vars`: `^6.0.3`
 - `autoprefixer`: `^10.4.7`

> If you created custom admin components you need to upgrade also
> your components. The core js will automatically be update
> via the [update build](https://docs.sulu.io/en/latest/upgrades/upgrade-2.x.html) command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have integrated custom JavaScript components into the administration interface,
you might need to adjust your components to be compatible with the updated dependencies.
If you have not integrated custom JavaScript code, you project is adjusted automatically by the
[update build](https://docs.sulu.io/en/latest/upgrades/upgrade-2.x.html) command.
```
